The blackening value has reached 80%.
Nuannuan asked him to buy you another one.
Only I can bully him understand
Okay. You can go now.
Shouldn't he continue to embarrass me with his character?
OK
Today's money hasn't been transferred to me yet.
Okay, you go and dry clean the clothes.
I have transferred the money to you.
Still a civilized and polite baby
warm
How did you let him go so easily today?
Yes, Gu Xuecao is still playing ball
You should teach Ye Nanheng a good lesson
Let Gu Xuecao know your thoughts
Yeah, yeah.
This IQ, this pattern
The original owner ended up like that
Definitely a part of the painting by these two plastic sisters
Ok it's alright
I'll go first
Sister Guo is still playing ball
Where are you going?
Hmph
You see him blushing and trying to catch his breath
Does it look like a waste?
Ha ha.
So, what happened to him today?
He actually said that Gu Da Xiao Cao is like Fei Fei
The maximum blackening value is 100.
Although Ye Nuanheng's blackening value is very high
But there's still a chance
I have to hurry back
Otherwise, those two grains of sand will come back.
I really don't have anything left